With all the files in the directory, open PVM.html in Google Chrome to play the game.
Note the game currently only works well in Google Chrome in the Windows Operating System.

This is a Player vs. Monster Javascript game based on the MMORPG Runescape. Your goal is 
to obtain as many Kill Points as you can while keeping Foods eaten, Refills, and Deaths as 
low as you can. These scores can be seen on the top left corner. Monsters' information
can also be accessed by pressing INFO in the top left corner. There are 10 different 
monsters in total.

On the top right corner, the number in the red square represents "Health point" and the 
number in the blue square represents "Prayer point". The Refill food button refills
the food you see in your inventory. Lastly, the numbers 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 X Y Z represents
the different monsters you can select to fight. The higher the number, the more difficult 
the monster is. Monsters under the X Y Z selection are monsters with special abilities 
and special rewards. The monster named Tz-tok Jad (number 3) also has 3 different modes of
difficulty you can select in the top left corner.

As of right now, the only working icons are the backpack icon (selected in red) for 
"Inventory", the star icon for "Prayer", and and the harp icon for "Music". The
Inventory can also be accessed by pressing 1 and the Prayer can also be accessed 
by pressing 3.

Inventory:
You can switch between your Archer and Warrior set-up by pressing the item stack in the top
left corner of the inventory. The Archer set-up allows you hit rapidly with a max damage
of 30. The Warrior set-up allows you to hit slowly but with a max damage of 50-99. With 
the Warrior set-up, the higher your health is, the lower your max damage is and vice versa. 
The star food heals 18 health points and the fish heals 20 health points. The star food can 
be eaten quickly but the fish can only be eaten again after a delay from eating it earlier.

Prayer:
Out of the two active prayers you can use, you can use Protect from Magic (left) to
block magic attacks or Protect from Missiles (right) to block projectile attacks.
Be careful not to let your Prayer point drain to 0 or else you can't use prayers anymore! 
After a fight is over, your Prayer point will be restored to the full 40 again.

Music:
You can toggle the music player on and off. Each monster has a different music; changing
to a different monster means you have to press play again to listen to the music.

Press the red FIGHT button and click on the monster to attack. As soon as that FIGHT button
turns green, you will be attacked mercilessly. Good luck, fierce fighter.